---
category:
  - "[[Trips]]"
start: 2023-05-06
end: 2023-05-11
loc: 37.297817, -113.028770
tags:
  - trips
  - "#journal"
---
Zion was a beautiful trip and a great way to celebrate colleen finishing law school, me graduating from GT, and the end of our time as long distance couple. 

We flew into Las Vegas, Navigated to our out of the way rental car spot and drove into Springfield. We stayed at some Mariott. It was good to see how well we can work together with our planning.

The first day, we hiked some short trails to waterfalls. There were lots of old people in the park. The scenery is unbelievable, streaks of red, brown and yellow along the rock walls along a very lush canyon. You could be in a bog, desert, river, meadow, or mountainside all in the same valley. Very pokemon-esque. 

We hiked Angel's landing which was a blast. Exhilarating but not uncomfortable. It was peaceful at the top. Reminded me of chimney tops at mountain weekend. The amount of work that went into building these trails in unfathomable. 

The town of springfield had a ton a cool bars and surprisingly good restaurants. Big on mexican food. 

The next day we explored the park more, got threatened by a turkey, had a beautiful lunch under the giant tree by the visitor center. We wish the narrows was open because it looks sick. and inspired the shattered plains in the [[References/Stormlight Archive]].

Bryce Canyon was an amazing drive and a little chilly, even in may. The hoodoos were something special. We did the Fairland trail on Roots recommendation. It was quiet and had a lot of psychos running the whole thing. After this we were exhausted and were ready to go to vegas

Las Vegas was a gambling-themed Disney world. The casinos were cool and we had a good time at the Cosmo. Colleen was petrified of playing roulette until we hit on our 11-1 greens bet. After that, we had a nice time and won some money. Tao was lame. 